Wanna be a Big Shot?
Wanna get that exclusive badge on your save file that you always wanted but\nnever got?
If you can defeat us and our X forms, you'll get it!
Just solving my 2 by 2 QiYi cube.
I'm done! Let's fight!
Yuki seems to be raging.
Yuki is solving his cubes.
You've made Yuki angry!\nPrepare to be thrashed!
The ground quivers with fear.
Raging all day. Sleeping all night.\nAlways up for a fight!
Yuki's rage is absorbing all your will and happiness.
Yuki is making a strange raging noise.
Yuki is breathing extremely fast and threatening to hurt you.
Yuki transformed into Yuki X!\nHis attacks will be much more powerful.
The amount of rage is INFINITY.
He can now solve any puzzle.
Chaos
Yuki's cubing time is much higher than yours.\nYou feel intimidated.\nConfidence went down by 2!
The RUBIK'S BOMB was prepared for YOU.
You successfully survived Developer Yuki!
What?\You survived Yuki?\nSomeone as pathetic as you couldn't do that.
Even MORE CHAOS.
There is no ESCape from this minefield.
Somehow you are still living.
Emmanuel transformed into EMMANUEL X!\nHis attacks will be much more powerful.
You think about whether you should've battled the Developers or not.
'X-A-Tack' pins you to the wall.
Survival is vital.
You almost survived Developer Emmanuel.
You did survive Developer Emmanuel.
You survived my friends.\nThis will be me going easy,\nbut soon we'll all be back in the next room\nfor a harder challenge.
Max is VERY HARD, even though he said he'd go easy!
Coding is coming in from every angle!
Python, JavaScript, HTML.\nHe can do it all!
The creator of this very world is trying to kill you!
You keep on dodging to prove you're a Big Shot!
Max transformed into Max X!\nHis attacks will be much more powerful.
That badge is just 1 and a half battles away!
You survived Developer Max!
One last battle is all.
HERE WE GO!
Max, Yuki and Emmanuel are all into their X forms inside a\nmassive robot!
The turbo lasers are amazing!
The world just moved an inch.
The Developers are just too good.\nYou can't survive them all at once!
One Developer at a time. Not three Developers at a time!
Max is thrashing you with coding!
Yuki is thrashing you with cubing and geography!
Emmanuel is thrashing you with coolness!
The robot is thrashing you with batteries!
